docs: sie language (#281)
logto-io/docs: docs/docs/tutorials/get-started/customize-sign-in-experience.mdx

### Language

This section allows you to specify the languages that will be displayed to the end user.

There are two options here that could require your special attention: the first one is **Enable auto-detect** switch and the second one is **select a default language** selector.

In the default configuration, your app will automatically detect the user's locale settings and switch to one of the supported languages in Logto. However, if the detected language is not supported, the default language will be used as a backup.

If you disable the feature, only the default language will be displayed in your app. Since doing so will restrict your access to potential users, it is not generally recommended.

> This article is merely an easy starter to help you get a feel for your app language preferences. Go to [Localization](/docs/recipes/localization/README.mdx) for more advanced scenarios and setting recommendations.

Reviewer: should be relative?

### Language

> Logto provides six predefined languages (v1.0.0-beta.11). You can customize values of invidual keys.

Reviewer: no need for mentioning the version. we'll have versioned docs later

```suggestion
Logto provides six predefined languages. You can customize values of individual keys.
```

Reviewer: also i think this is unclear. what are values? and what are individual keys? please expand

Reviewer 2: There is a terminology table to clarify all the definitions.

Reviewer 2: > In most cases, it'll be fine to keep the default value unless:

Did you add this? @xiaoyijun

Reviewer 2: I see, this is the old version... NM

| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Default language                                                                            | When auto-detect is on, the default language will be used when the detected user language isn’t covered in the current language library. |
| When auto-detect is off, the default language is the only language your software will show. |
| Logto source values                                                                         | It refers to the values which Logto provided and haven’t been customized by users.                                                       |
| Custom values                                                                               | It refers to the values which AC users can change for individual keys.                                                                   |

> | Keys                                                                                        | It refers to the identifier of each locale value.                                                                                        |

Reviewer: instead of having a table, i think it'll be better to use a vivid way to explain the terms and describe the relations between them.

or, can you use a screenshot of the customize language modal and point out what is what?

Reviewer: let's keep in mind of JTBD instead of a tech doc. you can talk to guamian about it

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we have a screenshot attached. It's also great to include a visual to explain all the terms.

> | Language tag                                                                                | eg. en-US                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer 2: Incorporated the feedback to the new version.

| Language code                                                                               | eg. en                                                                                                                                   |

> | Country code                                                                                | eg. US                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: are these needed? i think these don't expose to users right?

Reviewer 2: Maybe not necessary but we sometimes mentioned it throughout the article. So it's better to expose and explain what it refers to.

| Language name                                                                               | 简体中文                                                                                                                                 |
| Added language                                                                              | The language added and customized by users.                                                                                              |
| Logto provided language                                                                     | Logto official languages and stored in Logto original code base.                                                                         |

#### Set your language mode

<img alt="Sign-in experience - Others" src={sieOthers} style={{ maxWidth: 560 }} />

If you want to configure your languages, go to **Sign in Experience** > **Others** > **Language**.

> There are two items: **Enable auto-detect** and select a **Default language**.  

Reviewer 2: Looks good. It's more concise.

> There are two items: **Enable auto-detect** and select a **Default language**.  

Author: Updated.

By default the auto-detect mode is on, which means your app detects the user's locale settings and auto switch to the available languages in Logto.  
The default language in this case is a fallback language if detected language is not supported in Logto.

However, Logto can make it possible by bringing your own translation.  
Click **Manage language**, select the language tag, add your own translation and save.  
You will see it is added in the left nav meantime shown in the default language dropdown.

#### Manage your languge

<img alt="Manage language" src={manageLanguage} style={{ maxWidth: 560 }} />

Clicking the manage language button will open a modal.

On the left side they are the languages Logto provided and you can see a tag Logto provided next to the language tag.  
You can't delete those pre-defined languages but can customize values of each individual key.  

> Your custom values will overwrite Logto source values when it loads in front of the end users.

Reviewer 3: nit: should we clearly split it into two different sections? Like, create your own language phrases and modify an existing language phrase.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, in the new version we separated out.
